# Exam 1 Questions

* Answers should be roughly 2-5 sentences, and in your own words.  
* Some questions ask for a code sample - keep them short and to the point.
* Be sure to be clear - be careful not to use vague pronouns like "it" if I can't be completely sure what "it" is.
* I cannot assume knowledge you don't demonstrate, so be clear and explicit.

## Q: What is the difference between a dynamic asset and a static asset?
**Dynamic Asset** is dynamically generated by user requestin.
**Static Asset** is asset cannot be changed by requesting, such as image and css.

## Q: What is the difference between a relative and absolute file path in an href?  What is the "webserver root/document root" and how do absolute/relative paths relate to this document root?

If the path is built starting from the system root, it is called absolute.
If the path is built starting from the current location, it is called relative

**Webserver root** starts from site root only, while **document root** should be full filesystem path .
*Absolute path* in file system of a file is the *document root* plus *relative path* of this file.


## Q: What is the difference between server-side and client-side JS?

**Server-side** JS only runs on server, processing requests from client, user cannot access to JS on server.
**Client-side** JS runs on users' web browser, processing interaction between loaded page elements and users.
## Q: What are the differences between `var`, `const`, and `let`, and when should you use each of them?

**var:** will do the "Hoist", only use var when tarageting older JS engines.
**let:** declaration is scoped to the current BLOCK, it is usually used in a for loop initialization. It does not hoist.
**const:** prevents reassigning the variable. It does NOT prevent mutation of array or object, it does not hoist, it should be used most of time.


## Q: What are the 4 ways to create inheritance in JS? (no examples needed, just a sentence describing each)

**Constructor Function:**
Using new keyword on a function call to assign the prototype property to prototype of the new object.

**Object.create():**
gives you a new object,with the new object's prototype st to passed object.

**ES6 Classes:**
more comfortable for those used to other languages but can mislead.

**Brute Force Prototype Assignment:**
Set the prototype directly, never need to do this.


## Q: Give a short code demonstration of 1 way to create JS inheritance to __inherit__ a method named "purr".
```javascript
const Dog = function(name) {
    this.name = name;
};
Dog.prototype.purr = funtion() {
    console.log(`${this.name} purr`);
};

const haru = new Dog('Haru');
haru.purr();
```

## Q: Give a short code demonstration of a different way to create JS inheritance to __inherit__ a method named "hiss".
```javascript
const dog = {
    hiss: function() {
        console.log(`${this.name} says 'Hiss'`);
    }
};
const haru = Object.create(dog);
haru.name = 'Haru';
haru.hiss();
```

## Q: Explain what a callback is, and give an example.
A callback function is a function passed into another function as an argument, which is then invoked inside the outer function to complete some kind of routine or action. 


```javascript
function greeting(name) {
  console.log('Ohayo ' + name);
}

function processUserInput(callback) {
  var name = prompt('Please enter your name.');
  callback(name);
}

processUserInput(greeting);
```

## Q: What are the words that would correctly fill in the space in this sentence:

"If a function using `this` is used `_______`, then `this` will not have the expected implicit value"

Answer: as a callback

## Q: In CSS, what does it mean "You shouldn't name your classes after what they look like"?   Why?  Give an example of a class that is well named and a class that is poorly named.

It means we should not name our classes too specificly but name classes based on their structural relation. It could be easier when re-designing the whole CSS.

Well Named
```html
<p class="car ford"></p>
<p class="car vw"></p>
<p class="car toyota"></p>
```

```css
p.car {
    background-color: blue;
}

```
Poorly Named
```html
<p class="Ford"></p>
<p class="VW"></p>
<p class="Toyota"></p>
```

```css
p.Ford, p.VW, p.Toyota {
    background-color: blue;
}
```